LD48: Deeper and Deeper


BoI Deeper

Diving

Mining


----------
Sun disappeared survive with the remaining heat on earth. Reach Geothermal heating and energy.
Build Facilities towards the bottom of the ocean.

2D Basebuilding resource management game.

High level mechanics:
Research
All resources are limited.
Energy is main resource, generated with body heat (eating fish), coal from surface, oil from oil drills (once deep enough). 
Scouting parties on the surface collect materials which get harder and harder as temp drops.
Diving vessels to gather resources harder and harder as pressure increases.
Building down for progress, wide for space.
Depth required for certain research.
Mining operations(? if builing along trench)

Research
Requires: Relevant Resources, Depth, Energy, People, Time, Building/Room
More people = faster
Labs can do research at their given depth. Maybe: Certain research must have room touching the water (pressure tests)

People
Found on expeditions, Birth, (?incubation (research)) 
Assigned Jobs as available automatically

Materials:
Building - Iron, Steel, Carbonsteel, 505L Steel Alloy, Superplastics

Resources - Heat, Batteries, Energy, Coal, Fish, Fresh water, Oil

Jobs: 
Builder - Expands the Base
Manufacturer - Builds gear, walls, refines materials.
Operator - Runs buildings (heat, water cleaner, )
Adventurer - Goes on land/sea expeditions
Scientist - Does research
Caregiver - Raises children

Builders - Requires scuba gear/reinforced gear/submarine and arc welder/Energy beam welder (faster), and materials (? walls)
Manufacturer - Requires Materials/Resources and building to work
Operator - Resources and building to work
Adventurer - Heater, Batteries, Clothing, Fish
Scientist - Building to do work (and research materials/resources)
Caregiver - Building to work (uses fish, fresh water)


Buildings:
Designate room as type of builing, Needs to get built (redesignation requires destuction and building)
Only mining outpost against the ground
Ladders go anywhere

